SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

This license agreement (the "agreement") is a legal document entered into between "6 GAMES" (a natural or legal person, the "User") and EcoTeam (the "Author") with respect to the above software product (the "program" or "software"), including the software recorded on the respective media or on the "Author" Web site, any printed materials and any "embedded" or electronic documentation. By installing, copying or otherwise using the program, You agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. If You do not accept the terms of this agreement, You may not use this program and it should be immediately returned to the seller and get back the money paid.

SOFTWARE LICENSE
The program is protected by copyright laws and international agreements, as well as other laws and treaties governing copyright relations. The program is licensed, not sold.

1. THE SCOPE OF THE LICENCE.
This agreement gives you the following rights:
1.1. Use the program. It is allowed to install the program or any previous version simultaneously on several devices.
1.2. Storage and use on the network. You can store, install, and run a copy of the program from a public storage device (such as a network server). At the same time, a separate license must be purchased for each computer on which this program is installed or launched from the network server. The license for the program does not allow joint or simultaneous use of the program on different computers in an amount more than specified in clause 1.1.
2. DESCRIPTION OF OTHER RIGHTS AND RESTRICTIONS.
2.1. Limitations on reverse engineering, decompilation, and disassembly. You may not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the software, except and only to the extent that such action is expressly permitted by applicable law, notwithstanding the limitation in the agreement.
2.2. The division of the program. The program is licensed as a whole. It cannot be separated into component parts for use on multiple computers.
2.3. Hire. It is not allowed to provide the program for rental or temporary use.
2.4. Technical support services. The author provides technical support services for software products (hereinafter "technical support services"). Contacting the Author for technical support is carried out by e-mail: denkoplov.com@gmail.com, or by phone 8(925) 530 - __ - __. Any additional software and source code transferred to you as a result of the technical support services shall be considered as an integral part of the program and shall therefore be subject to the limitations and conditions of this agreement. Technical data that are reported to the technical support service during the application may be used by the Author for internal purposes, including technical support of software products and software development. The author will not use this information in a form that discloses your personal information.
2.5. The transfer of the program. You may permanently assign all your rights under this agreement only with the sale or transfer of the computer, provided that You do not retain any copies, transfer the entire program (including all component parts, media and printed materials, any updates, this agreement and certificates of authenticity, if any), and the recipient agrees to the terms of this agreement. If the program is an upgrade, any transfer must include all previous versions of the program.
2.6. Termination of the agreement. Without prejudice to any of its other rights, the Author may terminate this agreement if you do not comply with the terms and conditions of this agreement, which will oblige you to destroy all available copies and component parts of the program.
3. COPYRIGHT.
3.1. All ownership and copyright in the program (including any included control programs (applets), photographs, animations, video and sound recordings, music and text), ActiveX components, accompanying printed materials, and any copies of the program belong to the Author. All rights of the Author to the program are protected by copyright laws and international agreements, as well as other laws and treaties governing copyright relations. Therefore, the program must be treated like any other object of copyright, with the only exception that the program is allowed to be installed on one computer and keep the original, provided that it will be used only as an archive or backup copy. Copying of printed materials accompanying the program is prohibited.
4. VARIOUS PROGRAM MEDIA. 
4.1. The program can be delivered on several types of media, as well as on the Internet exclusively from the Web-site of the "Author". Regardless of their type and capacity, you are allowed to use only one type of media that corresponds to your computer or network server. You may not install from other media on other computers, rent or lease the media, or assign the media for any other purpose, except in the case of a complete transfer of the software described above.